Add support for additional information for PvP deaths (#55)
pajlads/DinkPlugin: README.md

The examples below omit `embeds` and `playerName` keys because they are always the same.

#### Death:

`%VALUELOST%` will be replaced with the price of the items you lost. If you died in PvP, `%PKER%` will be replaced with the name of your killer.

> **Note**: If *Distinguish PvP deaths* is disabled, all deaths will be treated as non-PvP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: If *Distinguish PvP deaths* is disabled, the message content will always be treated as non-PvP.
```

Technically, if distinguish is disabled, we still get `extra` with the PK info - so, can clarify we're talking about `content`
